When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    Using remote repository has many pros:
        - You have access to your repository from anywhere connected ( except the forest )
        - You can have backups for your progress , so you can easily restore all your
          works
        - If you want to share your work with someone else to collaborate in or take 
          notes from your projects , then the remote repository give all those features .

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    When one of the project's colaborators made a commit , you may wanna 
    check the changes first before pulling it to your local repository
    So in that case having Git automatically up-to-date is a bad idea.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks : fork is creating GitHub-hosted repositories out of existing GitHub-hosted repositories
            that you can edit (it's recommanded pulling it to your machine)

    Clone : can be local or from GitHub repository
    		it's downloading someone's repository that you can edit on your own machine
    		but you can't push your commits

	Branche : To keep my work more organized and well-tracked , sometimes i need
			  to make some radical changes (change UI , language support) ,
			  so working on the default branch (e.g master branch) will be more
			  blury and confusing.

    Finally if you wanna edit a repository and then push your changes to your GitHub repo
    then you rather use Fork than Clone (lack of permissions).

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Fill in your answer here

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
